{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f5\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
\f6\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red25\green25\blue25;\red42\green49\blue64;\red245\green245\blue246;
\red75\green85\blue102;\red255\green255\blue255;\red22\green21\blue22;\red246\green246\blue246;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red49\green49\blue50;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c12941\c12941\c12941;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;
\cssrgb\c36471\c40784\c47451;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c11373\c10980\c11373;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;
\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25490;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10280\viewh14720\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
##\
\
\
                Physical sites(L)       Floquet Qubits(na)	Lowest quasi-energies     Central quasi-energies \
\
\
\
Various Checks of the\
\
a) Floquet qubits are  periodically driven fluxomonium qubit. So, instead of using some static spin states as qubit, a  time dependent (periodic) basis, which is Floquet state of driven superconducting device Hamiltonian, considered as  (P.R. Applied \'85.)\
\
\
The paper has two main points.\
1. Synthesis of Floquet qubits: \
\
a) In general, (I think) Floquet qubit means that we are choosing computational basis as Floquet states of driven device Hamiltonian (device could be superconducting or trapped ion or any other platform). In this work (P.R. Applied 15, 034065(2021)), they have taken periodically driven fluxonium qubit as Floquet qubit.  \
b) They have used  Shortcut to adiabaticity (STA) technique to go from undriven qubit to Floquet qubit. In experiment, they are using the detuned  periodic microwave drives.\
\
2.) Generation of Heisenberg interaction between Floquet qubits  and using it to perform ISWAP,CZ, SWAP operations on two Floquet qubits (also,CCZ on three FQubits).  \
\
\
DIFFERENCE WITH THE PREVIOUS WORKS OF JOHN, ED, and SOPHIA\
\
1. Fundamental difference is choice of computational bases and quantum operations are performed on those  basis states. In the works by this group, the basis are still static and Floquet drive, along with disorder and interaction,  is used to improve SWAP  operation between static qubits (Nat. Com: John, Ed ,..). Also, in other work (Ed, Sophia, John, etc.) this SWAP is used to preserve entanglement and implementation single and two qubit gates. While this paper is performing SWAP  ISWAP,CZ, SWAP operations on two Floquet qubits (also,CCZ on three FQubits)\
\
I think they should cite this (PRB 103, 245303(2021)) \
The main use of Floquet qubit, according these two papers, is to reduce 1/f noise (is responsible for the lower dephasing time). The similarities are that final goal of achieving greater coherence/ dephasing time  \
 But, I can also see that their work is  using and superconducting qubits as quantum platforms ( as opposed to quantum dots ), they might hesitate\
\
\
\
\
The main use of Floquet qubit, according the two papers (P.R. Applied 15, 034065(2021 and the arxiv one), is to reduce 1/f noise (is responsible for the lower dephasing time) in superconducting qubits. \
I see (based on the cursory reading) the broad similarities in John\'92s and their works as both are achieving greater coherence/ dephasing time  or improving the performance of some gate operations using Floquet drive (but on different quantum platforms). I feel  that there might be some connection between their work and John\'92s work if we think their work as interaction picture formalism related to Floquet system.  I think they should cite this (PRB 103, 245303(2021), Nat Commun 12, 2142 (2021)) in intro or in the discussion.  Maybe John will be better person to take final call on relevance and citation.\
\
 But, they might hesitate doing that by thinking that they are using superconducting qubits as quantum platforms Nat Commun 12, 2142 (2021) ( as opposed to quantum dots in John\'92s work).{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=Nat+Commun+12%2C+2142+(2021)&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8"}}{\fldrslt Nat Commun 12, 2142 (2021)}}\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I am a postdoctoral associate in the group of Prof. Sophia Economou and Prof. Ed Barnes. I completed my PhD in Aug 2022 from Indiana University Bloomington. M\AppleTypeServices y research interests lie at the interface of the condensed matter theory, AMO physics, and quantum information. \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 I originally hails from India.  Apart from physics and philosophy, I like hiking, walking and similar outdoor activities. \
\
\
Ashok Ajoy (Berkley), Tim Taminiau (Delft), Lee Bassett (U. Pennsylvania), Sam Carter (Laboratory for Physical Sciences), Kai Muller (TU Munich), Soonwoon Choi (MIT), Ferdinand Kuemmeth (U. Copenhagen), Stephan Bartlett (U Sydney), Lukas Cywinski (Polish Acdemy)\
\
\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Clearly define the problem: Theoretical physicists often start by carefully defining the problem they are trying to solve. This includes identifying the relevant physical principles and equations, and specifying any assumptions or approximations that are being made.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use mathematics to model the problem: Theoretical physicists use mathematical tools to represent and analyze physical phenomena. This includes using algebra, calculus, and advanced mathematical techniques such as tensor analysis and group theory.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Make predictions and compare to experimental results: Theoretical physicists use their models to make predictions about the behavior of physical systems. These predictions can then be tested through experiments or observations. Comparing the results of these experiments to the predictions of the model allows theoretical physicists to validate or refine their theories.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Communicate findings clearly: Theoretical physicists often work in collaboration with other researchers and must be able to clearly communicate their findings and ideas to their colleagues. This includes writing clear and concise research papers and giving presentations at conferences and seminars.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stay up-to-date with the latest developments in the field: The field of theoretical physics is constantly evolving, and it is important for theoretical physicists to stay up-to-date with the latest research and developments in their field. This may involve reading the latest research papers, attending conferences and workshops, and collaborating with other researchers.
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 \
\
\
\
\
1. Title of the thesis: Studies of Dynamics and Topology of Driven Quantum Many-Body Systems\
\
2. Relevant publications:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 (i) 
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Floquet Gauge Pumps as Sensors for Spectral Degeneracies Protected by Symmetry or Topology;  A. Kumar, G. Ortiz, P. Richerme, B. Seradjeh; PRL 126, 206602 (2021)
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 (ii)Higher-Order Floquet Topological Phases with Corner and Bulk Bound States;   M.R. Vega, A. Kumar, B. Seradjeh; PRB100, 085138 (2019), Editors' Suggestion\
(iii)Linear Response Theory and Optical Conductivity of Floquet Topological Insulators; A. Kumar, M.R. Vega,T. Pereg-Barnea, B. Seradjeh; PRB 101, 174314 (2020)\
(iv)Enhancement of High Harmonic Generation Bulk Floquet Systems;  A. Kumar, Y. Li,  B. Seradjeh; arXiv:2207.02830(2022)\
\
\
3. Awards and honors\
(i) College of Arts and Sciences Travel Award, by Indiana university Bloomington, 2021 \
(ii) Indiana Unversity Graduate Fellowship Grant, by Department of Physics Indiana university Bloomington, 2016-2017 \
(iii) Innovation   in   Science   Pursuit   for   Inspired   Research (INSPIRE) Scholarship  by Govt. of India; period: 2011-2016  \
(iv) Fellowship for Visiting Student Program(VSP), Harishchandra Research Institute (HRI), Allahabad, India,Summer 2015\
\
4. Post Doctoral Associate, Virginia Tech\
\
Awards and\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 -Floquet Gauge Pumps..,  A. Kumar, G. Ortiz, P. Richerme, B. Seradjeh; PRL 126, 206602 (2021)
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 -Higher-Order Floquet Topological Phases..;   M.R. Vega, A. Kumar, B. Seradjeh; PRB100, 085138 (2019), Editors' Suggestion\
-Linear Response Theory\'85Floquet Topological Insulators; A. Kumar, M.R. Vega,T. Pereg-Barnea, B. Seradjeh; PRB 101, 174314 (2020)\
-Enhancement of High Harmonic Generation\'85;  A. Kumar, Y. Li,  B. Seradjeh; arXiv:2207.02830(2022)\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
\
 (i) 
\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Floquet Gauge Pumps as Sensors for Spectral Degeneracies Protected by Symmetry or Topology;  
\f3\b Abhishek Kumar
\f2\b0 , Gerardo Ortiz, Philip Richerme, Babak Seradjeh; Phys. Rev. Lett. 126, 206602 (2021)
\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 (ii)Higher-Order Floquet Topological Phases with Corner and Bulk Bound States;   M.R. Vega, A. Kumar, B. Seradjeh; PRB100, 085138 (2019), Editors' Suggestion\
(iii)Linear Response Theory and Optical Conductivity of Floquet Topological Insulators; 
\f3\b Abhishek Kumar
\f2\b0 , Martin Rodriguez-Vega,T. Pereg-Barnea, Babak Seradjeh; Phys. Rev. B 101, 174314 (2020)\
(iv)Enhancement of High Harmonic Generation Bulk Floquet Systems;  
\f3\b Abhishek Kumar
\f2\b0 , Yantao Li,  Babak Seradjeh; arXiv:2207.02830(2022)\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 Thesis:\
 Studies of Dynamics and Topology of Driven Quantum Many-Body Systems \
\
Relevant Publications:\
-Floquet Gauge Pumps..,  A. Kumar, G. Ortiz, P. Richerme, B. Seradjeh; PRL 126, 206602 (2021)\
-Higher-Order Floquet Topological Phases...; M.R. Vega, A. Kumar, B. Seradjeh; PRB100, 085138 (2019), Editors' Suggestion\
-Linear Response Theory\'85Floquet TI; A. Kumar, M.R. Vega,T. Pereg-Barnea, B. Seradjeh; PRB 101, 174314 (2020)\
-Enhancement of HHG....; A. Kumar, Y. Li,  B. Seradjeh; arXiv:2207.02830(2022)\
\
 Honors and awards:\
-College of Arts and Sciences Travel Award, by Indiana university Bloomington, 2021 \
-Indiana Unversity Graduate Fellowship Grant, by Department of Physics Indiana university Bloomington, 2016-2017 \
-Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research Scholarship  by Govt. of India; period: 2011-2016  \
-Fellowship for Visiting Student Program, Harishchandra Research Institute, India, Summer 2015\
\
Position:\
Post Doctoral Associate, Virginia Tech, USA\
\
Hi Prof. Babak,\
I am applying for the Boulder summer school. For that I need a recommendation letter for that (the deadline is 15th Jan 2023). I request you to please submit the letter. I am thankful for your constant support  and guidance \
\
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2 \AppleTypeServices \cf5 \cb6 \
Thesis:\
 Studies of Dynamics and Topology of Driven Quantum Many-Body Systems \
\
Relevant Publications:\
-Floquet Gauge Pumps..,  A. Kumar, G. Ortiz, P. Richerme, B. Seradjeh; PRL 126, 206602 (2021)\
-Higher-Order Floquet Topological Phases...; M.R. Vega, A. Kumar, B. Seradjeh; PRB100, 085138 (2019), Editors' Suggestion\
-Linear Response Theory\'85Floquet TI; A. Kumar, M.R. Vega,T. Pereg-Barnea, B. Seradjeh; PRB 101, 174314 (2020)\
-Enhancement of HHG....; A. Kumar, Y. Li,  B. Seradjeh; arXiv:2207.02830(2022)\
\
 Honors and awards:\
-College of Arts and Sciences Travel Award, by Indiana university Bloomington, 2021 \
-Indiana Unversity Graduate Fellowship Grant, by Department of Physics, Indiana university Bloomington, 2016-2017 \
-Innovation in Science Pursuit for Inspired Research Scholarship  by Govt. of India; period: 2011-2016  \
-Fellowship for Visiting Student Program, Harishchandra Research Institute, India, Summer 2015\
\
Position:\
Post Doctoral Associate, Virginia Tech, USA\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Updates: \
1. Floquet ADAPT VQE  \
	(i) Exact diagonalization of extended Floquet space\
It shows that there are \
	(ii)The \
   (iii)\
\
2. Exact diagonalization code for a general driven spin system (two-spin interaction with magnetic field) in terms of time evolution operator (Direct Method) and Floquet Hamiltonian in extended space  are also written. Checked the various \
\
3. Double quantum time crystal:\
\
I have written a code in Julia for the exact diagonlization code for in terms total spin nuclear momentum (as it commutes with Floquet Hamiltonian HF) for.  I used is for central spin system (only one quantum dot) without disorder.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Hi All, \
Next week, we have visitors from BNL interested in some collaboration with our VQE group . The schedule for meeting and talks\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs30 \cf7 \cb8 Monday(01/23)\cb1 \
\cb8 i)Talks on VQE by our group members. \
10:30pm-12:30
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 , Robeson 304
\f0\fs30 \cf7 \cb1 \
\
\cb8 ii) Talk by BNL\'92s visitors\
3:50pm -5:15pm
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 , Robeson 304
\f0\fs30 \cf7 \cb1 \
\
\cb8 Tuesday (01/24)\cb1 \
\cb8 A general group meeting with our group members (\cb1 may be \cb8 some people from Nick's group)
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \

\f0\fs30 \cf7 \cb8 1:30pm - 3:00pm,
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6  Robeson 304 \
\
Also, Please give thumb\'92s up to join a lunch or dinner(you don\'92t need to be working on the VQE). Also, let us know in the reply if you have preference for one of the days. \
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 Here is the schedule of lunches and dinners of the visitors.\
\
\
\
\
\
Updates about Double quantum time crystal\
1. For the case where there is no disorder in the nuclear d.o.f, we have total nuclear spin conserved w.r.t. the stroboscopic evolution (Floquet Hamiltonian commutes with the total nuclear spin). Therefore the Floquet Hamiltonian is block diagonalized in the total nuclear spin bases. We have utilized this aspect of Floquet Hamiltonian in \
2. Prethermal time crystal (5000 Floquet cycle): \
   (i) If we consider a single quantum dot (central spin system) for any type of hyperfine, we don\'92t get any time crystal without disorder (at least for    fully polarized nuclear spin) .\
   (ii) For two quantum dots where inter-dot Ising electronic interaction and nuclear Hyperfine-Heisenberg interaction, We get the \
\
3. MBL time crystal (1000 Floquet cycles)\
We have consider \
\
4. Next step:\
i) Effective Floquet Hamiltonian and dynamics of \
ii)\
ii) Use of Tensor network for calculation for larger number of \
\
5.Major remaining work: \
\
\
\
I\
\
Hi @Ed and Sophia,  I won\'92t be able to join the VTQ symposium vitually as I am traveling during that time (early session). If possible, I would be great if the talks will be recorded. I ask someone to remind you for recording. Also, \
\
Can you tell me about the process of \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sl746\sa266\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 1.
\f4\fs18\fsmilli9333 \'a0\'a0\'a0 
\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \'a0That, on 21.04.2019, \'a0the \'a0
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 bank authority has shifted the 
\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 B.O. BarakaGaon to Smt Swati Mehta\'92s \'a0plot \'a0without any agreement and her subm N.O.C from district administration \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 B.O. 
\f0\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sl746\sa266\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \
Hi Babak, sorry for the delayed reply as I don\'92t use iMessage regularly. I can see the message on my laptop only. Anyway, I did not attend the March meeting this year and currently in India. I will be back in Virginia tech on 14th March. Had I been in the March meeting, I would have met you and Suman there. I hope it went well for you.\
\
\
\
Hi @Ed and @Sophia , I am looking at the Condensed matter summer school, University of Minnesota   (https://cse.umn.edu/ftpi/cmss2023). It\'92s more like a pedagogical school\
\
I would \
\
I have looked at the paper earlier and relook again. Though I don\'92t get some details, but main points/ideas related to this are follows\
1. Evasion ergodicity is not done through MBL, but rather through a some particular type of measurement feedback (a non-unitary dynamics) which works for dimension D>=2. This is interesting in sense that  MBL is not proven for greater than 1D.\
2. We may ask a question whether there is a  non-unitary protocol that could lead to evasion of ergodicity in 1D (alternative to MBL). Can we design a protocol (unitary or non-unitary using some sort of decoherence channel and/or measurement) where we have some sort of DTC?\
Also, I did not know that there is a stabilizer circuit simulator ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "Stim:%20a%20fast%20stabilizer%20circuit%20simulator"}}{\fldrslt Stim: a fast stabilizer circuit simulator}}.)\
\
\
1. Yes (in very broad sense) since in both Q Zeno effect and this work involve measurement. However, Quantum Zeno effect freezes the evolution of a quantum state. But in this work,  they are doing measurement only along  a line (domain wall operator)  on 2D system. This measurement still maintain partial coherence of the full system.  This is one of their key point.\
2. Yes we should.\
3. I have little knowledge about the Floquet code. Upon cursory reading of the paper by Hastings (),  I get that there are two qubit measurements (check operators) are involved in Floquet codes. Which is not case here. However some border connection might emerge. Superficially there are a lot similarity like periodic measurement, maintaining some coherence of subspace. \
However their claim is related to repetition code which is given as follows.\
The density matrix evolution in one period is captured by the a quantum channel N and they have decomposed this N in two parts as N=N1*N2 (see text around eq 1). In discussion, they claimed that N2 represents the strict local implementation of repetition code i.e. only X-type or Z-type (not both) code can be corrected.  I don\'92t \
\
\
Hi @Ed and@Sophia, Updates regarding double quantum time crystal: We have found that there are pre thermal time crystal even for the single quantum dot if we consider the XY (or XXZ where JZ is small compared to XY coupling) type of hyperfine without magnetic field. We Both have  . We would like to have a meeting at time of your convenience to discuss the prethermal TC in single 2QD or higher \
\
I am interested to organizing a workshop during summer.\
\
The proposal: \
\
The paper:\
What can we still do? i)Layout a general mechanism using DTC physics. ii) Give some other example as implementation of the idea of the proposal. \
They have not gone into the physics of DTC and build a general mechanism.\
i) A general procedure using the physics of DTC can be useful one and then give some different examples if possible\
\
The paper seems to be an illustration of the idea presented in in thrust 1 of the proposal.  They have considered the disorder as unwanted ingredient that lead to imperfection in the average Hamiltonian (last para left side page 4 ) and  in order to suppress  that error they put some additional pulse. In that process they also found that some imperfection in the pulse also does not affect the robustness of the state and their coherence time is independent of initial state. This indicates the presence of DTC, however their presentation have  never mentioned  DTC or the broader physics related to it. I see following differences in our proposal and the paper\
i) In DTC, disorder is almost necessary for the robustness of the state. This means disorder is a useful ingredient  in our proposal (in contrast to the paper\'92s presentation).  \
ii) Moreover, we can consider either/both random bond disorder (J_i+\\delta J_i) and  random field disorder (h_i+\\delta h_i) to stabilize DTC. In their presentation they have considered only random field disorder.\
iii) If we are able to present  a general mechanisms of sensing based on DTC, that will be  of great importance. In that case their work will be subset of our work.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \
Hi Daniel, I hope you and your family are doing well. One of my friend  (Akash Jena from Indiana University) will soon be graduating in math PhD with major Lie algebra having taken some  statistics course too.  He is seeking opportunities in bioinformatics or postdoc in Mccoy\'92s or similar lab.I think your insights and guidance could greatly benefit him. Please let me know if you have some time to to talk to you. He will contact you on linkedIn.
\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 \

\fs32 \cf3 \cb4   seeking new opportunities in [industry/field]. I know you have a vast network, and I believe your insights and guidance could greatly benefit [Friend's Name]. Would you be open to connecting with them and offering any advice or potential leads?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 N0018072137 
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs20 \cf10 I
\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Hi\
We Regarding Scar Time crystal draft update: \
We are almost near the completion of the draft of the paper. Apart from the content we decided in the outline, I think we have added one more important section in the paper on using the phenomenon of the scar TC to discover the nature of unknown homogeneous interaction. In a way, 
\f6\b we have devised a dynamical probe that can diagnose the nature of unknown homogeneous interaction. 
\f0\b0 We have made flowchart of the dynamical probe (see attachment)\
Rafail and I think that before  sending the draft of the paper to you to read (hopefully by the end of the week), we will like to have a meeting in this week (if possible). The goal of the meeting will be show you the figures of the paper as well describing main points of each section of the paper. After implenting  your feedbacks from the meeting, we send it full draft to for your perusal.
\fs33 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sl746\sa266\qj\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6  
\f5\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 The student will also evaluate his progress through the questionnaire prepared by the supervisors \
 The supervisors also monitor the progress of the student and provide feedback  using a questionnaire semi-annually.\
The supervisors also provide a valuable feedback to the student  through the questionnairebbb\
I) Some typos:\
A) Page 3 LHS 2nd line: I have changed eq (IIB) by (11) : This was due to the misplaced \\label\{\} in the tex file. 
\f0\fs20 \cf10 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f5\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sl746\sa266\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf9 IU DSOs OIS Ferguson Int. Center, 330 N. Eagleson Ave. \
Bloomington, IN 47405 812-855-9086, sevisiu@iu.ed\
\
This is still almost complete and \
 We are making  we are hoping to finish the first draft by this .  Following two main works that we are focusing on right now. \
\
(i)Improving its readability by removing  some cluttering and \
(ii) More about time crystal in central spin in XX type interaction:   One of the interesting phenomena that we observe is that Scar time crystalline behavior for some value of coupling term in XX around some range of coupling parameters for a given N. However there is no MBL-TC because random disorder is making it less stable.  This is kind of the opposite of all other interactions. \
P.S. : I send the link  just to track the progress and we are\
 I am sharing this because\
Most of the time crystal studies come from Ising-type interaction for MBL TC and PXP model for scar TC. Finding a newer class of interactions for time crystal is an exciting area of research as it \
could provide not only theoretical studies and breaking of ergodicity but also provide experimental platforms for a large number of particles. In this regard, central spin models find a sweet spot due to various platforms  Department of Physics, Virginia Tech, Blacksburg, VA 24061, USA\
Virginia 
\fs24 D. V. Else, B. Bauer, and C. Nayak, Physical review letters 117, 090402 (2016) H. Watanabe and M. Oshikawa, Physical review letters 114, 251603 (2015). \
\

\fs37\fsmilli18667 Hi Ed and Sophia, I am traveling to India on the 4th and 5th of December.  For the rest of the week,  I will be able to attend the meeting on Zoom. I hope this \
 I am correcting the manuscript of the \'93Scar TC paper\'94 and will return it to you by 10th December for a further look. Thanks!\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf3 I'll be traveling for the upcoming holiday vacation. I plan to be away from [start date] to [return date]. I'll ensure all pending tasks are taken care of before I leave and will stay accessible via email if needed.
\f5\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li960\fi-480\sl746\sa266\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf9 Department of Physics, University of Crete, Heraklion, 71003, Greece\
Virginia Tech Center for Quantum Information Science and Engineering, Blacksburg, VA 24061, USA\
\
It is almost complete, but I think I can  make some of the 
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \

\f5\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf9 \cb1 I have made some progress regarding and talked to Yantao today\'92s 
\f2\fs32 \cf5 \cb6 \
Summary of our commands so far:\
git status = check to see if all changes are being tracked\
git log = see a list of the tracked changes so far\
git add = add a file to be tracked\
git commit -m = confirm your changes to be tracked with a message saying what you changed\
\
Thanks a lot, Nathaniel, !\
}